[docs] update access log filters guide for usage clarity (#9998)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/reference/api/github.com/solo-io/gloo/projects/gloo/api/v1/options/als/als.proto.sk.md

| Field | Type | Description |
| ----- | ---- | ----------- | 
| `op` | [.als.options.gloo.solo.io.ComparisonFilter.Op](../als.proto.sk/#op) | Comparison operator. |

> | `value` | [.solo.io.envoy.config.core.v3.RuntimeUInt32](../../../../external/envoy/config/core/v3/base.proto.sk/#runtimeuint32) | Value to compare against. Note that the field defaultValue must be defined unless the runtimeKey matches a key defined in Envoy's runtime configuration layer. Gloo does not include one by default, but it can be included by specifying the key/value pair in [gatewayProxies.NAME.customStaticLayer]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/reference/helm_chart_values/" >}}) or at runtime via the gateway proxy admin interface. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `value` | [.solo.io.envoy.config.core.v3.RuntimeUInt32](../../../../external/envoy/config/core/v3/base.proto.sk/#runtimeuint32) | Value to compare against. Note that the `defaultValue` field must be defined unless the `runtimeKey` matches a key that is defined in Envoy's runtime configuration layer. Gloo Gateway does not include a key by default. To specify a key-value pair, use the [gatewayProxies.NAME.customStaticLayer]({{< versioned_link_path fromRoot="/reference/helm_chart_values/" >}}) Helm value or set the key at runtime by using the gateway proxy admin interface. |
```
